#!/bin/bash
yum update -y
yum install -y httpd
systemctl start httpd
systemctl enable httpd
echo "<h1>Hello World from $(hostname -f)</h1>" > /var/www/html/index.html 

🎯 🔥 Interview Flow (Perfect Answer)
🗣️ Start like this:
“In this project, I designed a highly available and scalable architecture using AWS services like EC2, Auto Scaling Group, Application Load Balancer, and SNS.”

⚙️ 🔄 Step-by-Step Flow (Bolnyacha Proper Order)
1️⃣ Application Setup + AMI
“First, I launched an EC2 instance and installed a web server (Apache) with a sample application. Then I created a Golden AMI from this instance, so I can reuse the same configuration for multiple instances.”

2️⃣ Launch Template
“Next, I created a Launch Template using that AMI. This template contains instance configuration like instance type, security group, key pair, and user data for automation.”

3️⃣ Target Group
“Then I created a Target Group, which is used to route traffic to EC2 instances. I also configured health checks to ensure only healthy instances receive traffic.”

4️⃣ Application Load Balancer (ALB)
“After that, I created an Application Load Balancer which distributes incoming user traffic across multiple EC2 instances in different Availability Zones for high availability.”

5️⃣ Auto Scaling Group
“Then I created an Auto Scaling Group using the Launch Template and attached it to the Load Balancer. I configured desired, minimum, and maximum capacity to automatically manage instances.”

6️⃣ Scaling Policy
“I implemented a target tracking scaling policy based on CPU utilization. If CPU usage increases, new instances are launched automatically, and if it decreases, instances are terminated.”

7️⃣ SNS Notifications
“I also integrated SNS to receive notifications for scaling events and instance health changes.”

8️⃣ Testing
“Finally, I tested the setup by generating load using stress commands and verified that Auto Scaling and Load Balancer were working correctly.”


🧠 🔥 Ending Line (VERY IMPORTANT)

“This architecture ensures high availability, fault tolerance, and automatic scalability of the application.”

💥 Short Version (If Interviewer Says "Explain Quickly")->
“I created a Golden AMI from an EC2 instance, used it in a Launch Template, configured an Auto Scaling Group with CPU-based scaling, attached it to an Application Load Balancer for traffic distribution, and used SNS for notifications.”
